Update entity-alias.mdx (#11629)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/identity/entity-alias.mdx

- `name` `(string: <required>)` - Name of the alias. Name should be the identifier
  of the client in the authentication source. For example, if the alias belongs
  to userpass backend, the name should be a valid username within userpass

>   backend. If alias belongs to GitHub, it should be the GitHub username. If alias 
>   belongs to an approle backend, the name should be a valid role_id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  auth method. If the alias belongs to GitHub, it should be the GitHub username. If the alias 
  belongs to an approle auth method, the name should be a valid RoleID.
```
